br/com/sicredi/feign/config/DefaultClientConfig.java
 br.com.sicredi.feign.config.DefaultClientConfig
br/com/sicredi/document/VoteSession.java
 br.com.sicredi.document.VoteSession
 br.com.sicredi.document.VoteSession$VoteSessionBuilder
br/com/sicredi/exceptions/ValidationFieldException.java
 br.com.sicredi.exceptions.ValidationFieldException
br/com/sicredi/exceptions/InternalServerErrorException.java
 br.com.sicredi.exceptions.InternalServerErrorException
br/com/sicredi/document/Associate.java
 br.com.sicredi.document.Associate
 br.com.sicredi.document.Associate$AssociateBuilder
br/com/sicredi/dto/VoteSessionResponseDTO.java
 br.com.sicredi.dto.VoteSessionResponseDTO
 br.com.sicredi.dto.VoteSessionResponseDTO$VoteSessionResponseDTOBuilder
br/com/sicredi/controller/AgendaController.java
 br.com.sicredi.controller.AgendaController
br/com/sicredi/service/UserIntegrateClientServiceImpl.java
 br.com.sicredi.service.UserIntegrateClientServiceImpl
br/com/sicredi/dto/AgendaResponseDTO.java
 br.com.sicredi.dto.AgendaResponseDTO
 br.com.sicredi.dto.AgendaResponseDTO$AgendaResponseDTOBuilder
br/com/sicredi/enums/StatusToVoteEnum.java
 br.com.sicredi.enums.StatusToVoteEnum
br/com/sicredi/exceptions/UnprocessableEntityException.java
 br.com.sicredi.exceptions.UnprocessableEntityException
br/com/sicredi/dto/AgendaRequestDTO.java
 br.com.sicredi.dto.AgendaRequestDTO
br/com/sicredi/service/AgendaServiceImpl.java
 br.com.sicredi.service.AgendaServiceImpl
br/com/sicredi/document/Vote.java
 br.com.sicredi.document.Vote
 br.com.sicredi.document.Vote$VoteBuilder
br/com/sicredi/repository/AssociateRespository.java
 br.com.sicredi.repository.AssociateRespository
br/com/sicredi/SicrediTestJavaApplication.java
 br.com.sicredi.SicrediTestJavaApplication
br/com/sicredi/repository/AgendaRepository.java
 br.com.sicredi.repository.AgendaRepository
br/com/sicredi/dto/VoteSessionRequestDTO.java
 br.com.sicredi.dto.VoteSessionRequestDTO
br/com/sicredi/dto/VoteResponseDTO.java
 br.com.sicredi.dto.VoteResponseDTO
 br.com.sicredi.dto.VoteResponseDTO$VoteResponseDTOBuilder
br/com/sicredi/dto/VoteRequestDTO.java
 br.com.sicredi.dto.VoteRequestDTO
br/com/sicredi/exceptions/ErrorMessage.java
 br.com.sicredi.exceptions.ErrorMessage
 br.com.sicredi.exceptions.ErrorMessage$ErrorMessageBuilder
br/com/sicredi/util/Constants.java
 br.com.sicredi.util.Constants
br/com/sicredi/exceptions/GlobalExceptionHandler.java
 br.com.sicredi.exceptions.GlobalExceptionHandler
br/com/sicredi/exceptions/ForbiddenException.java
 br.com.sicredi.exceptions.ForbiddenException
br/com/sicredi/document/Agenda.java
 br.com.sicredi.document.Agenda
 br.com.sicredi.document.Agenda$AgendaBuilder
br/com/sicredi/exceptions/APIException.java
 br.com.sicredi.exceptions.APIException
br/com/sicredi/service/UserIntegrateClientService.java
 br.com.sicredi.service.UserIntegrateClientService
br/com/sicredi/exceptions/NotFoundException.java
 br.com.sicredi.exceptions.NotFoundException
br/com/sicredi/feign/UserIntegrateClient.java
 br.com.sicredi.feign.UserIntegrateClient
br/com/sicredi/exceptions/BadRequestException.java
 br.com.sicredi.exceptions.BadRequestException
br/com/sicredi/service/AgendaService.java
 br.com.sicredi.service.AgendaService
br/com/sicredi/dto/UserIntegrateStatusDTO.java
 br.com.sicredi.dto.UserIntegrateStatusDTO
br/com/sicredi/exceptions/UnauthorizedException.java
 br.com.sicredi.exceptions.UnauthorizedException
